When I went through difficult times
during my childhood,
Jehovah was like my Father.
He was my refuge.
The first memory I have of my dad
is when I went to visit him
in the prison where he was being held.
I asked Jehovah so many times
for my dad to come back home.
One day,
my mom said, “Dad’s coming home today.”
I went to school,
and when I came back, he was there.
I thought that he was finally back for good
and that it would be forever.
But soon after that,
I heard my mom and my grandmother crying,
and they started to explain
that my dad was back in prison.
From then on, I felt hatred,
resentment, and anger toward my dad
and also toward Jehovah.
I started to take drugs
and to lead an immoral and violent lifestyle.
One day, a couple of sisters
gave me a magazine.
As I was looking through it,
I saw the experience about Dustin.
I began to think about the times
during my childhood
when I would take refuge in Jehovah
and would feel the same way Dustin did.
I would say: “Jehovah is there.
He hasn’t abandoned me.”
Dustin never doubted Jehovah’s love,
right up until the day he died.
That very night, I prayed to Jehovah.
I asked him to forgive me because,
well,
it wasn’t his fault.
That night I poured out all my feelings
to Jehovah.
That burden that I felt was finally gone.
I felt Jehovah’s love every step of the way.
He showed it through the brothers
who didn’t judge me for what I had done.
It doesn’t matter how many problems we have
or how far we’ve drifted away from Jehovah.
He never abandons us.